---
layout: post
title: "Still Alive - Day 122 of Quarantine"
date: 2020-07-19 12:00:00 -0500
author: Jesus Ortiz
---

<bold>Novel Coronavirus - Use a mask.</bold> An update on me!

2020 will be like no other year in our lifetimes (I really hope at least). At the very endings of school, it kicked
everybody into high gear and burned many of us out, incuding me! I was off of my computer for at least a week or more and completely forgotten about this
website (eek sorry). At the time of writing (7/18) I discovered the folder while exploring my files and decided it clearly needs a post update. <br>

I always looked forward to seeing anyone I know whenever I went on an essential trip to the store. 
During this entire time I only confirmed saw one person I knew which is extremely good, but sad. It demonstrates people I knew were taking the 
Corona virus serious and sad in a sense that I was unable to see them in person. <br>

During this world crisis, I mostly stayed in my room cycling between [reddit, pintrest, twitter, youtube, and netflix] on my phone and video games 
such as [Minecraft, Grand Theft Auto V, Cities Skylines, and Goat Simulator] on my computer. Often times it would be boring and just something
to burn the time while the world moves foward. <br>

I plan to return to school in person even if it risks myself getting sick. Online school or wishing school was ever closed is a regret. School online
is morbid. During the second semester online, I had difficulty maintaining focus on school work and eyestrain was a major problem. In addition to lack of 
sleep, teachers pushed students to their limits; assigning intense assignments with little to no intructions. I would easily get losts and often
need clarification on many assignments. Online school is not for me. <br>

Next year will hopefully be fun. I am concerned many people will not recognize me as my voice has progressivly became deeper and I let my beard grow with
currently no intension of shaving it off. Also my <bold>hair is like a curly afro</bold> and it's nice.

